I quote this Nichi quote all the time
because it really really hit me and I'm
paraphrasing but it goes like this upon
the people that I love I wish nothing
but self-loathing
failure self-contempt because it will
answer the only question that matters
can you
endure right now all I want to do is go
to bed and this is where identity kicks
in this is why I have this painting here
of Michael Jordan from the infamous Flu
Game I got sick I don't know what it is
I've spent the last couple days with
stomach cramps uh fatigue fever I've got
a big talk tonight at USC and I would
love nothing more right now to crawl
into bed but I'm not going to do that
and I'm not going to do that because my
identity doesn't allow it even right now
as I think about the amount of energy
that I'm expending in preparing for
tonight and getting through the day and
making sure that everybody here on the
team is moving forward is because of
that person that I'm trying to become
these are the things that I absolutely
have to do in order to keep pushing
forward to be me all right we're on our
way to USC for a little bit of a talk
here we're getting amped up with MJ
what's up
MJ heyy it comes down to Identity it
comes down to what Vision you have
crafted for yourself what demands you
make of yourself and how you react when
you're tested align yourself with the
selfish desires of other people be
changed by what you hear not affected
take action on what you learn whether
you think you can or can't you're right
at the end of the day you should want to
be tested at the end of the day I'm
actually grateful that twice now I've
been confronted with either doing uh an
interview or having a talk where I'm
sick and the reason that I'm grateful
for that is I get to see how I respond
respect the power of biology and
performance when it's real it spreads
and if it's not spreading it's not real
it doesn't matter where you are what
matters is where you want to go and what
price you're willing to pay so what I
will say to you guys
is who are you trying to
become not who are you today but where
are you trying to get to and what is the
price that you're willing to pay to get
there and what are the things that
you're doing repeating in your own mind
surrounding yourself with that are
actually going to help make you that
person because at the end of the day
your identity is all that you have at
the end of the day your identity is
going to drive your behavior and at the
end of the day there is nothing else
deliver value people make one demand of
companies tell me who you are you won't
get laid till you
ask
you